Personal Calendar Manager


2023-09-14: Only two use case narratives so far. 
2023-09-21: Functional flow is quite simple… but might be adequate. 
2023-09-28: “Backend” architecture is reasonable but “front end” really doesn’t make sense. 
2023-10-04: Good that you have a class diagram, but I’m SURE there must be more than one class in your domain!

No coding standards! (That was last week’s assignment)

Good that your python files have header comments, but PLEASE include the author name.

Derived files like the python cache files should not be in the repository. 

2023-10-12:  Thank you for extracting your coding standards into a separate file. But you don’t have any rules about comments.

Good Lab 6 reports! (You really only needed to create one, but that’s fine.)

Good progress with code! But please put the actual code author(s) in the header comments. AND you removed py cache!

2023-10-19: Your test plan does a reasonable job of testing individual data items. But you do not have test cases for entire functions, e.g. creating a new event, etc. Functional tests are about more than validation. (Actually what you’ve created is more like unit test cases.) So your plan not really complete. 

It would be better to store the spreadsheet source, so you can add/modify test cases, plus use the spreadsheet to organize your actual testing.
Good to see that you are updating source files (including documentation).

2023-10-26:  Please rename your test plan to “FunctionalTestPlan” or something similar. I see you have committed the XSLX but this should be in the Quality directory, not in the src directory! And you should remove the PDF. 

EXCELLENT code review report!! And your static analysis looks useful too. Did you update your code to use the modified version?

It looks like you’re making good progress on the code, too.

2023-11-02: Deployment report is a bit confusing since you put all your content in italics, did not always remove my instructions. Good details, BUT I don’t think using GitHub for deployment is a good solution. It is NOT acceptable that you require the user to individually install different dependent components. You cannot use “sudo apt get” because this is specific to Ubuntu and will not work on my Linux system.

Do you really intend to provide all those different documents? 

